README.md, before:

# Termux XFCE Desktop Setup

This repository provides a script to set up an XFCE desktop environment and a Debian proot installation within Termux. The setup utilizes the Termux-X11 server, which will be installed during the process. You will be prompted to allow Termux to install the corresponding Android APK.

## Key Features
- **User-Friendly Setup**: Simply choose your username and follow the on-screen prompts.
- **Storage Requirements**: Approximately 4GB of storage space is required. Note that additional applications will consume more space.
- **Detailed Documentation**: Please review the full README for comprehensive information about this setup.

## Installation

Install proot-distro
```bash
apt install proot-distro
```

Modify proot-distro to install debian 12 (bookworm)

```bash
nano $PREFIX/etc/proot-distro/debian.sh
```

Change the aarch64 github link to 
```
https://github.com/termux/proot-distro/releases/download/v4.17.3/debian-bookworm-aarch64-pd-v4.17.3.tar.xz
```

Also change the SHA256 to : 
```
3a841a794ae5999b33e33b329582ed0379d4f54ca62c6ce5a8eb9cff5ef8900b
```

Start the installation script :

```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phoenixbyrd/Termux_XFCE/main/install_xfce_native.sh -o install.sh && bash install.sh
```

## Support and Community

For questions, assistance, or suggestions, join our Discord community:  
[Discord Invite Link](https://discord.gg/pNMVrZu5dm)

## Screenshots

![Desktop Screenshot](screenshot2.png)

## Use Case

This setup is optimized for use on devices like the Samsung Galaxy Fold 3, functioning as a PC/laptop replacement when connected to a monitor, keyboard, and mouse. It is designed for daily use and serves as a personal daily driver.

![Samsung Galaxy Fold 3 - Dex Setup](desk.jpg)

## Starting the Desktop

To start the desktop, use the following command:

```bash
start
```

This command initiates a Termux-X11 session, starts the XFCE4 desktop, and opens the Termux-X11 app directly into the desktop.

To access the Debian proot environment from the terminal, use:

```bash
debian
```

Note: The display is pre-configured in the Debian proot environment, allowing you to launch GUI applications directly from the terminal.

## Hardware Acceleration & Proot

Several aliases are provided to simplify launching applications:

### Termux XFCE:
- `prun`: Execute commands from the Debian proot environment directly in the Termux terminal without entering the proot shell.
- `zrun`: Launch applications in Debian proot with hardware acceleration.
- `zrunhud`: Launch applications with hardware acceleration and FPS HUD.

### Debian Proot:
`debian` To enter the Debian proot environment, from there, you can install additional software using `sudo apt`.

## Additional Utilities

- `cp2menu`: Copy `.desktop` files from Debian proot to the Termux XFCE menu for easy access.
- `app-installer`: Easy to use GUI app to manage installing additional apps not available in Termux or Debian repositories.

## Troubleshooting

### Process Completed (Signal 9) - Press Enter

1. Install LADB from the Play Store or download it from [here](https://github.com/hyperio546/ladb-builds/releases).
2. Connect to Wi-Fi.
3. Enable wireless debugging in Developer Settings and note the port number and pairing code.
4. Enter these values in LADB.
5. Once connected, run the following command:

```bash
adb shell "/system/bin/device_config put activity_manager max_phantom_processes 2147483647"
```

You can also run `adb shell` directly from Termux by following the guide in this video:  
[YouTube Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHc7uvX34bM)

Commit message:

Update README.md - Fix installation process for libllvm15 issue

README.md, after:

# Termux XFCE Desktop Setup

This repository provides a script to set up an XFCE desktop environment and a Debian proot installation within Termux. The setup utilizes the Termux-X11 server, which will be installed during the process. You will be prompted to allow Termux to install the corresponding Android APK.

## Key Features
- **User-Friendly Setup**: Simply choose your username and follow the on-screen prompts.
- **Storage Requirements**: Approximately 4GB of storage space is required. Note that additional applications will consume more space.
- **Detailed Documentation**: Please review the full README for comprehensive information about this setup.

## Libllvm15 error
 The new proot-distro update from september 2025 change Debian 12 (bookworm) to Debian 13 (trixie).
 The package isn't available on Debian 13 anymore so mesa driver failed to install.
 Follow the installation process below to fix the issue. 

## Installation

Install proot-distro
```bash
apt install proot-distro
```

Modify proot-distro to install debian 12 (bookworm)

```bash
nano $PREFIX/etc/proot-distro/debian.sh
```

Change the aarch64 github link to 
```
https://github.com/termux/proot-distro/releases/download/v4.17.3/debian-bookworm-aarch64-pd-v4.17.3.tar.xz
```

Also change the SHA256 to : 
```
3a841a794ae5999b33e33b329582ed0379d4f54ca62c6ce5a8eb9cff5ef8900b
```

Start the installation script :

```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phoenixbyrd/Termux_XFCE/main/install_xfce_native.sh -o install.sh && bash install.sh
```

## Support and Community

For questions, assistance, or suggestions, join our Discord community:  
[Discord Invite Link](https://discord.gg/pNMVrZu5dm)

## Screenshots

![Desktop Screenshot](screenshot2.png)

## Use Case

This setup is optimized for use on devices like the Samsung Galaxy Fold 3, functioning as a PC/laptop replacement when connected to a monitor, keyboard, and mouse. It is designed for daily use and serves as a personal daily driver.

![Samsung Galaxy Fold 3 - Dex Setup](desk.jpg)

## Starting the Desktop

To start the desktop, use the following command:

```bash
start
```

This command initiates a Termux-X11 session, starts the XFCE4 desktop, and opens the Termux-X11 app directly into the desktop.

To access the Debian proot environment from the terminal, use:

```bash
debian
```

Note: The display is pre-configured in the Debian proot environment, allowing you to launch GUI applications directly from the terminal.

## Hardware Acceleration & Proot

Several aliases are provided to simplify launching applications:

### Termux XFCE:
- `prun`: Execute commands from the Debian proot environment directly in the Termux terminal without entering the proot shell.
- `zrun`: Launch applications in Debian proot with hardware acceleration.
- `zrunhud`: Launch applications with hardware acceleration and FPS HUD.

### Debian Proot:
`debian` To enter the Debian proot environment, from there, you can install additional software using `sudo apt`.

## Additional Utilities

- `cp2menu`: Copy `.desktop` files from Debian proot to the Termux XFCE menu for easy access.
- `app-installer`: Easy to use GUI app to manage installing additional apps not available in Termux or Debian repositories.

## Troubleshooting

### Process Completed (Signal 9) - Press Enter

1. Install LADB from the Play Store or download it from [here](https://github.com/hyperio546/ladb-builds/releases).
2. Connect to Wi-Fi.
3. Enable wireless debugging in Developer Settings and note the port number and pairing code.
4. Enter these values in LADB.
5. Once connected, run the following command:

```bash
adb shell "/system/bin/device_config put activity_manager max_phantom_processes 2147483647"
```

You can also run `adb shell` directly from Termux by following the guide in this video:  
[YouTube Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHc7uvX34bM)
